you have put me squarely in this mess
knowingly you
who the hell was that jester from before
and a murderer
and my chin so you're part of a
cult of lunatics we are murderers and
we follow a creed in effect but we do not
impele to act does not follow
I would love to hear more
nothing is watching
everything is permitted
is the only people everything is allowed
I like that slogan to think as you want and
act as I please you repeat it as a
parrot but you do not understand your sign you
put up haughty with me that I followed you
as friends if you cheated on me
you know by bringing those men here
they had died for what you did in the
habana I combés them
the road is blocked I think it's a
rope
and there should be some way to open it
a mechanism somewhere like a
winch
our blocks above
then the Templars walk behind
your people around us were
persecutors we made them flee
frightened
but now we
it seems that the mechanism of the door
It's broken
let's find another way of man
do not
you
good
and still breathing enough
to curse you kate
there must be a great treasure I do not know what
We wait at the end of the road but more
it's worth it will depend on you
how do you say what are you going to witness
could make you go crazy
I just hope you can overcome the
I am already a senior
ah
this is already the great prize that you
mentor told me that he will look for being
say it but it does not look anything like
The man who calls the wise man does not
precipitates
we still have a riddle to solve
these statues are like the ones we saw
before
but they have drawings engraved on them
there are also engravings on the ground but
they are of another type there is some kind of
relationship
there is a difference between the animals of
the statues and the soil
the time
if one are predators the other prisoners
it feeds
this is the thing
well there you have the reduction there
match predators companies
two
ah
God is that of the wise
but this thing will be hundreds of years old
more than that surely that is the yes
his eyes give him away they said
templars so they needed it
they threw some of their blood in a
glass jar
like this
yes
they wanted to ask him also about the
observatory but escaped
We have already finished